sup gamers Maddie Mac here for the
Mahalo com video games team here to do
an unboxing duke nukem forever balls of
steel edition naturally i know you guys
all want to know what's inside my
package let's check it out as you can
see up front got a statue of the man the
myth the legend himself Duke adorning
the front pull off some packaging here
hail to the king baby immediately right
away have a couple goodies right here a
couple goodies have some dice for those
late-night party sessions with the Duke
logo below that got some poker chips for
those late night hooker sessions with
you and your lady friends babes also
right here on top looks like a deck of
cards nice black cover with the duplo go
see what it looks like inside so a man
opens cards tough box here playing cards
they're very tiny but it's not the size
of the card it's how you use them
peering down pull it up we have the game
never thought it would happen it's
finally here we've got a full Duke comic
I open it up to the right spot
here's the back this is my game face
even more inside we have a paper folding
Duke just what your mom always wanted
vijayan Duke Nukem Forever sticker put
it on your folder for school put it on
your window at home put it on your dog
we have an official certificate of
authenticity for the duke nukem forever
balls of steel limited edition inside
here some Duke Nukem postcards in the
front and there on the back also inside
we got a big booklet here the history
legacy and legend of duke nukem forever
it is art from the vault hearing inside
and very nice beautiful paper some art
from the game the development of the
game character models and then finally
last but not least the most important
part of this whole package the Duke bust
carpe nukem sees the Duke we're going to
open this guy up
pretty heavy very detailed it's going to
make a great addition to my bathroom and
that friends that's how you do it stay
tuned for more mahalovideogames of duke
nukem forever or else